Previously on "Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
(Leo)
It seems the impending danger
is fast approaching.
I must accelerate my timeline
to unite you all into one.
The Arc Five reactor condenses
all the life energies
my students have collected.
Its power will then be able to
create a new single dimension
by fusing the existing four
dimensions back into one.
And when the dimensions
reunite as one,
so will these four girls,
and I will have
my daughter Ray back.
(Yuya)
We're gonna put
a stop to you!
(Yusho)
Yuya is in for the match
of his life now.
Z‐ARC will do as he pleases.
He will resurrect!
Yuya has already
combined with Yuto.
He's only steps away from
transforming back into Z‐ARC.
It's only a matter
of time now
until the Reactor
is fully functional.
No! Yuya!
Stop all this!
Right now!
Huh?
(Z‐Arc)
How dare you turn on me.
You'll pay!
Yuya! Fight it!
Ahh!
(Yusho)
Z‐ARC could've resurrected
anytime, why now?
What's different?
He could already Fusion,
Synchro and Xyz Summon.
But he couldn't Pendulum!
Because it's a whole new power!
And that's why
he's resurrecting now!
(sinister laughter)
Yuya!
(grunts)
And now goodbye!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
Professor!
You're through!
I don't think so.
I'm activating my Spirit
Reactor's special ability.
And because I have...
If an Earth, Water, Fire
or Wind attribute monster
is on the field...
Then my monsters
cannot be destroyed.
And since Gust King Alexander
is a wind monster
and Wave King Caesar
is a water monster,
Pendulum Governor is safe!
(Declan)
So, you used my own
monsters to our advantage?
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
I place one card face down
and end my turn!
Please stay calm.
(growling)
I can sense Z‐ARC's
consciousness
getting stronger with each
passing moment.
Tell me, what's the energy
status of the Arc Five Reactor?
Functionality
is currently at 20%.
That's it?
Override the power dampeners.
Triple the ignition
input energies.
We have to get
the reactor working.
(Declan)
Father!
You think your machine
will save us.
But there isn't
any truth to that.
It will hurt
even more people
than this revived
Z‐ARC you so fear!
It's like trying to put a fire
out with gallons of gasoline.
And I'm not going
to sit by and let you.
For the sake of everyone here,
this ends now.
It's my turn!
I tribute Triple D
Gust King Alexander
and Triple D Wave King Caesar
to summon Triple D
Doom King Armageddon!
He got rid
of his Synchro Monster?
And his Xyz monster?
But that only helps his dad.
(Celina)
You're right
because now the Professor
can summon Synchro and Xyz
Monsters again!
(Yusho)
Declan's certainly taking
a huge risk,
but it may pay off for him.
By getting rid of his own
Wind and Water monsters,
Spirit Reactor's
Pendulum ability
no longer protects
Pendulum Governor.
And Pendulum Governor can only
be attacked by Pendulum Monsters
which is exactly what
Doom King Armageddon is!
Correct, it appears that
it's time for the son
to school the father.
(Leo)
Oh, please, your monster
has 3,000 attack points.
Mine has 2800 so when all
is said and done,
I'll only take
a paltry 200 points of damage.
Might wanna check your math.
What?
(Declan)
By sending Wave King Caesar
to the graveyard,
I can add one Contract
card to my hand!
And now I'll activate it.
Deceitful Dark Contract
with the War Deity!
Now Doom King Armageddon
gains and additional
1,000 attack points
until the end of the battle.
And your Pendulum Governor
loses that same amount.
So, you don't take 200 points
of damage, you take 2200.
Yuya, hang in there.
This will all be
over very soon.
Now, go Doom King Armageddon!
Attack Pendulum Governor!
(Leo)
I think not!
I play my trap card:
Dis‐swing Fusion!
Now I can negate
your monster's attack.
And then bring it on over here
to join my forces.
What?
(Leo)
Oh, and from here on out,
this monster can't
be destroyed by effects.
(gasps)
He stole his monster!
Not just any monster
but his best.
You were waiting for me to
attack with my Pendulum Monster.
You tricked me into thinking
I had the edge, Father.
Silly boy, you'll never
have the edge over me.
With Dis‐swing Fusion,
I'm allowed to summon
a Fusion Monster
using one fewer monster.
So now I'll use Pendulum
Governor to Fusion Summon.
Witness the monster you were
so certain you had vanquished
becomes a force that
will soon vanquish you!
Behold, Master Spirit
Tech Force Pendulum Ruler!
(Zuzu)
No way!
(Rin)
That monster's
super powerful!
(Lulu)
Unbelievable!
Nothing seems to throw
Leo off his game.
(Yusho)
He has a solution
for everything.
He plans ahead
and anticipates your every move.
(sinister laugh)
You make it too easy, Declan.
Your approach hasn't changed
a bit since you were a child.
Sure, now you may
look like an adult
but that
doesn't make it so.
You have so much
growing up to do.
The next time you get delusions
of grandeur about using
Pendulum abilities
to save your monsters
or alter summoning requirements
or whatever else your little
brain can come up with,
just realize something.
My big brain
has already thought of it.
In other words, you'll never
catch me off guard, Declan.
The truth is I know
what you're going to do
even before you do it.
And not just
in dueling,
but in life,
which is why I know,
you'll always be second best!
And that is why you are
incapable of stopping me
from finishing Yuya
on my next turn.
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
I'd like to see you try
especially after I do this!
I activate the trap card
Twin Big Shields!
And now these twin shields
Protect Performapal Gatlinghoul
from being destroyed
twice per turn.
I just can't tell if Yuya
or Z‐ARC's in control.
I can't tell either!
(Leo)
So be it, but though you may be
able to prolong this duel,
you will not succeed
in prolonging
your presence here, Z‐ARC.
I will stop you.
And there's nothing, Declan,
you can do to stop me either.
Just know that I won't
give up, Father.
Deceitful Dark Contract with
the War Deity's effect ends.
And Doom Armageddon's attack
points return to normal.
I end my turn.
It's your move.
Yuya, he's up.
Get ready.
I draw!
Since I already
set my Pendulum Scale,
I can summon a monster
from my Extra Deck.
Now rise!
Spirit Gem Salamander Core!
And Spirit Gem
Silpheed Core!
When I Pendulum Summon
Salamander Core
from the Extra Deck,
it immediately
returns to my hand.
It doesn't matter what you do,
there's no way you're
gonna walk away a winner.
I don't think you're in any
position to say such things.
The four dimensions will merge
together and unite as one.
And then I will have
my daughter Ray back,
and Z‐ARC's fate
will be sealed!
Pendulum Ruler's
ability activates!
Now, by tributing Silpheed Core,
I can use its ability twice!
And it's an ability that deals
you 800 points of damage
for every spell
or trap card I destroy.
So, first, I'll destroy
Twin Big Shields!
(Pendulum Ruler growling)
And Pendulum Ruler
doubles the damage you take.
And don't think I forgot about
you, Declan!
I destroy your Contract!
Oh, no!
(console beeping)
Professor Akaba, the Arc
Reactor's functionality
is now at 30%.
Proceed to Phase Two.
And soon, the Arc Five Reactor
will be 100% operational.
And I will finally bring
my dear daughter back to me!
Keep energizing the reactor.
Let me know when we're
ready for Phase Three.
Yes, sir, Professor!
Will do! I'm on it!
(Yusho)
Oh, no, when the reactor's
fully charged,
he'll use it to unite the four
dimensions and destroy us all!
And what happens to my son
in all of this?
Yuya...
This card may be the only way
to stop you,
but I fear it may create
even greater danger.
Now.
Pendulum Ruler attack
Gatlinghoul!
With one more attack,
Z‐ARC will finally be finished
and the dimensions will unite.
I attack with Triple D Doom King
Armageddon!
Yes, Declan,
I'm using your monster.
So, I guess we were actually
working together after all.
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
I activate Evasion!
To avoid your attack!
(Leo)
An Action Card, what luck.
I end my turn!
That was too close
for comfort.
Playing Action Cards,
skating up walls,
that's definitely
how Yuya duels.
So that proves Z‐ARC
isn't in control of him.
(Declan)
Because Yuya will never
let his spirit break,
especially when it's
to save his friends.
Now, listen up and hear
what I'm saying, Yuya.
I need you to get up.
This fight isn't over yet.
Let's stop my father together.
What do you say, Yuya?
(Yuya)
All right.
We will fight.
Yuya!
Stop Leo!
Come on, Yuya.
(Z‐Arc)
You'll never stop
my resurrection!
Then you all will
pay the price!
(screaming)
(Yuya)
It's so hard
to hold him down.
But I can't give up,
I must fight.
(Leo)
Yuya, Z‐ARC, whichever you are,
you won't win.
You have nothing
to destroy my monsters.
It's only a matter of time.
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
My turn!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Get going,
Performapal U Go Golem!
Scare to it,
Performapal Nightmare Knight!
I overlay U Go Golem
and Nightmare Knight
to build the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of dragons!
I Xyz Summon...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
One of Yuto's favorite monsters!
That proves that Yuto
is still here fighting!
No, this is pure Z‐ARC.
Z‐ARC controlled
that dragon as well.
(Leo)
Just look at him,
all of you!
Can you truly not see
what is so evident?
All that remains now is Z‐ARC!
No, you're wrong, Father!
He's still Yuya
and he will be forever!
Absolutely!
And I feel Yuto's fighting
alongside Yuya.
I'm not going to give up hope.
Same here!
We all still believe!
Yeah, that's right!
No one is giving up
on you!
So, Yuya, you can't
give up on yourself!
Fight Z‐ARC with every
ounce of your strength!
And remember the reasons
why you duel!
(screaming)
(gasping)
(roaring)
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
I activate my spell card!
The Phantom Knights
Possession!
And now my Xyz Dragon
can take on the level
of another monster!
So go!
Odd‐Eyes, transfer your level
to Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
But I'm not through!
I overlay Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon
And Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
to build the Overlay Network!
By joining together
two of the strongest
dragons in the universe,
I'll create a dragon
that's all the rage!
I Xyz Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon!
Not good, not at all.
(screaming)
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
I use all of Odd‐Eyes Raging
Dragon's Overlay Units!
That means the effect of all
spell and trap cards
currently out are negated!
And all other cards
on the field are destroyed!
And Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon
gains 200 attack points
for every card it destroyed!
Since it destroyed
seven cards, it gains 1400.
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
But since you have a couple
monsters that can't be destroyed
by special abilities, I'll just
have to destroy them in battle!
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon, attack
Triple D Doom King Armageddon!
Infernal Fury Strike!
(screaming)
What happened?
Foolish move!
Doom King Armageddon
originally belonged to Declan.
So, my trap Dis‐swing Fusion
transferred the damage
to him instead of me.
So you've gone and hurt
your own teammate.
That... doesn't matter!
Because my Odd‐Eyes
Raging Dragon
can attack twice in one turn!
Attack!
(Zuza)
Wait, no, stop it!
Huh?
Just stop, I can't
see you like this.
You're dueling out of anger.
Where's that smile I love?
This isn't how you duel.
So just stop.
I know deep down you can duel
the way you used to duel.
Look inside
and find the fun.
Zuzu's right.
We all know you can do this.
Update.
(console beeping)
The Reactor's functionality
is now above 40%, Professor.
Enough to move on
to Phase Three.
Very good,
you may proceed.
Yes, sir!
(warbling sound)
(both gasp)
What's happening?!
(Lulu)
My hand!
No!
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
Odd‐Eyes Raging Dragon, go!
Attack Pendulum Ruler!
This isn't you!
Do it now!
Infernal Fury Strike!
I'll end you!
I banish Performapal Nightmare
Knight from my graveyard
to deal 1,000 points of damage
to everyone who took
battle damage this turn!
(Zuzu)
But that means he's going to
hurt Declan too.
(Zuzu)
Yuya, why?
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty
2,000 Life Points.
I play from my hand
the trap card.
Restraining Sword of Impact!
I'm sorry, Yuya, but what's
about to happen
is for your own good.
I hope you can forgive me.
Unrecognized
card detected.
Duel automatically
terminated.
The match is over?
That trap card.
That's right.
It's the same one
you gave to me years ago
back when you were experimenting
with all sorts of cards.
It was just a prototype
but I kept it anyway.
(Yuya/Z‐Arc)
Let me go!
(Yusho)
Though I must admit I never
believed I'd have to use it
against my own son.
But alas, I had to stop this
duel while I still could,
before he lost all control.
Because Leo was right
about one thing.
He was?
Yes, no matter how shocking
it might seem,
Leo was speaking the truth
that Yuya is connected to Z‐ARC,
similar to how you are connected
to Leo's daughter Ray, Zuzu.
(all)
Huh?
But destiny is always
an interesting thing.
I believe that Yuya
never succumbed
to the darkness
because of you, Zuzu.
You were always by his side,
helping him, and reminding him
to bring a smile
to everyone's faces.
As Ray would have wanted.
So I was helping Yuya?
(Yusho)
But now that you're trapped
and not by his side,
no one is helping him fight
against the darkness,
making it harder for him
to suppress the evil.
It is time!
To become one.
Declan, take Riley and find
a way to free those girls.
You haven't
much time so hurry.
Everyone's counting
on you, Declan.
(Declan)
And where are you going?
You don't think I'd let
evil take my son, do you?
What kind of father
would I be?